Menu

# Global Vercel CLI Configuration

Last updated December 19, 2025

Using the following files and configuration options, you can configure [Vercel CLI](/cli) under your system user.

The two global configuration files are: `config.json` and `auth.json`. These files are stored in the `com.vercel.cli` directory inside [`XDG_DATA_HOME`](https://specifications.freedesktop.org/basedir-spec/basedir-spec-latest.html), which defaults to:

* Linux: `~/.local/share/com.vercel.cli`
* macOS: `~/Library/Application Support/com.vercel.cli`
* Windows: `%APPDATA%\Roaming\xdg.data\com.vercel.cli`

These files are automatically generated by Vercel CLI, and shouldn't need to
be altered.

## [config.json](#config.json)

This file is used for global configuration of Vercel deployments. Vercel CLI uses this file as a way to co-ordinate how deployments should be treated, consistently.

The first option is a single `_` that gives a description to the file, if a user should find themselves looking through it without context.

You can use the following options to configure all Vercel deployments on your system's user profile:

### [currentTeam](#currentteam)

Type: `String`.

Valid values: A [team ID](/docs/accounts#find-your-team-id).

This option tells [Vercel CLI](/cli) which context is currently active. If this property exists and contains a team ID, that team is used as the scope for deployments, otherwise if this property does not exist, the user's Hobby team is used.

config.json

```
{
  "currentTeam": "team_ofwUZockJlL53hINUGCc1ONW"
}
```

### [collectMetrics](#collectmetrics)

Type: `Boolean`.

Valid values: `true` (default), `false`.

This option defines whether [Vercel CLI](/cli) should collect anonymous metrics about which commands are invoked the most, how long they take to run, and which errors customers are running into.

config.json

```
{
  "collectMetrics": true
}
```

## [auth.json](#auth.json)

This file should not be edited manually. It exists to contain the authentication information for the Vercel clients.

In the case that you are uploading your global configuration setup to a potentially insecure destination, we highly recommend ensuring that this file will not be uploaded, as it allows an attacker to gain access to your provider accounts.

---

[Previous

Git Settings](/docs/project-configuration/git-settings)[Next

Security settings](/docs/project-configuration/security-settings)

Was this helpful?
